As we have learned in previous modules of this course,
the policy hierarchy is an overview of the documents
that define and govern the VA activities.
Each level is described in order of precedence,
with federal, state, and local laws
at the top of the hierarchy.
Knowing the differences in sources is critical
to successful implementation.
VA directives provide mandatory department-wide policies.
VA handbooks describe mandatory department-wide procedures
or operational requirements
implementing policies contained in directives.
VA directives and handbooks are posted at the link provided,
though please note that you may need
to visit the VA Viewer Software webpage
in order to download the necessary software
to view these documents.